Update greedy-best-first-search.md (#3595)
Codecademy/docs: content/ai/concepts/search-algorithms/terms/greedy-best-first-search/greedy-best-first-search.md

  - 'paths/machine-learning-ai-engineering-foundations'
---

> **Greedy best-first search** is an informed search algorithm where the evaluation function is strictly equal to the heuristic function, disregarding the edge weights in a weighted graph(because we care about the heuristic value). In ordre to search for a goal node expand the node that is closest to the goal as determined by the heuristic function.Assume that is likely to lead a solution quickly.The solution from Greedy Best First Search may not be optimal since a shorter path may exist.In this algorithm search cost is minimum since solution found without expanding a node that is not on the solution path.This algorithm is minimal but not complete since it can lead to a dead end.It's called "Greedy" since at each step it tries to get as close to the goal as it can.

Reviewer: Can we keep the original wording but expand on certain terms like "heuristic function" in a concise manner? The change is quite wordy and doesn't necessarily present any new information.

> **Greedy best-first search** is an informed search algorithm where the evaluation function is strictly equal to the heuristic function, disregarding the edge weights in a weighted graph(because we care about the heuristic value). In ordre to search for a goal node expand the node that is closest to the goal as determined by the heuristic function.Assume that is likely to lead a solution quickly.The solution from Greedy Best First Search may not be optimal since a shorter path may exist.In this algorithm search cost is minimum since solution found without expanding a node that is not on the solution path.This algorithm is minimal but not complete since it can lead to a dead end.It's called "Greedy" since at each step it tries to get as close to the goal as it can.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Greedy best-first search** is an informed search algorithm where the evaluation function is strictly based on the heuristic function, regardless of edge weights in a weighted graph. It selects the next node to traverse based on the lowest value obtained from a heuristic function, denoted as _h(x)_. The primary objective is to find the quickest path to the target node.
```
